I'm the shop manager here
In the workshop, Tianwang Lao Tzu has to listen to me when he comes
That you don't still fantasize about your wife
Is it the director of the textile factory?
No fantasy
He is
Remember that Mr. Yi acquired our factory
Help us become the first company in the country
Completed the reform of the national flag
Corporate journalists from all over the country are coming to publicize and interview
Don't slack off
Mr. Yi and Mr. Yi's wife are
This autumn
It's a gamble. It ruins your brain.
I have no ability, and I still fantasize that my wife is the factory manager
The key is that Jiang Yan is so beautiful
I still don't give up on such waste
The two are really sick
You rotten gambler
Do you know what happened at the factory?
State-owned enterprise restructuring
Now the whole factory has been packed.
Sold to a company with a market value of several hundred million
And textile mills took the lead in restructuring
It has attracted great attention in the province
To put us
Create a benchmark for the reform of state-owned enterprises across the country
Can you decide such a big thing?
To manage him, a waste at the bottom of society
How do you know the news of the upper class?
Of course I know.
I bought this textile factory
What do you buy?
You're afraid you won't be able to buy a textile factory even if you gamble for ten years
Bar
Don't use your narrow thinking to fool others
My abilities you can't imagine
What are you capable of?
It's not so much gambling that you can afford a textile factory
Then you might as well ask your wife to sell it to you.
You dare to slander my wife again
I'll make your mouth speechless for the rest of your life
On the contrary, even I, the workshop manager, dare to hit
Someone who has the ability to call out
I'll see who dares to do it